README.md, before:

# AngularCliElectron

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.3.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

refactored project - added package scripts - updated dependencies - updated readme

README.md, after:

# Angular Cli + Electron

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.3.1.

The Angular project is wrapped in an Electron environment, that enables you to start the application in a separate window on your desktop.

## Further description

The description of the project can be found in this [Medium article](https://medium.com/@PhilippKief/angular-cli-electron).

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

Run `npm start` to run the app in an Electron dev environment with auto-reload.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Packaging

Run `npm run package:all` to package the Electron app into executables that can be easily shipped for all platforms. Otherwise you can run e.g. `npm run package:win` to create executables only for Windows, same with `npm run package:linux` for Linux and `npm run package:mac` for Mac.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
